like any other government they care about social stability.
Maybe this is very politically incorrect to mention this, but it's kind of like the immigration issue, right?
When you have lots of people coming into their jurisdiction, what do they do about local employment and jobs and stability and so forth?
So I think there are some challenges, but one example is in Tianjin, they want to obviously stabilize the real estate sector.
So one policy they proposed was, well, anyone who buys a property here can have access to local schools.
That will stimulate a lot of demand.
So you see that? There's still a lot of controls in place in China, even in the first tier cities and property and the social infrastructure.
And if you loosen them, there will be a proper rebound of domestic demand.
Yeah, mentioning about the school choice, just remind me of another city, the capital city of Inner Mongolia,
which actually roll out these subsidies for child care, including if a family have three children,